Update CSS background-color (#44336)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmltablecellelement/bgcolor/index.md

## Examples

> Use CSS `background-color` instead. An example of using [`background-color` with HTML table elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/background-color#basic_example) is available on the {{cssxref("background-color")}} page.

Author: ```suggestion
Use CSS `background-color` instead. An example of using [`background-color` with HTML table elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/background-color#colorized_tables)) is available on the {{cssxref("background-color")}} page.
```

> Use CSS `background-color` instead. An example of using [`background-color` with HTML table elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/background-color#colorized_tables)) is available on the {{cssxref("background-color")}} page.

Author: ```suggestion
Use CSS `background-color` instead. An example of using [`background-color` with HTML table elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/background-color#colorized_tables) is available on the {{cssxref("background-color")}} page.
```
